IoT Projects and Resources
Welcome to the IoT repository! This collection is dedicated to showcasing various IoT projects, tutorials, and resources to help you dive into the world of connected devices. Whether you're just starting or looking to expand your knowledge, this repository offers a variety of tools and guides.

Overview
The Internet of Things (IoT) represents a network of interconnected devices that communicate with each other and the cloud. IoT systems enable real-time data collection, remote monitoring, and automation across diverse applications.

Key Concepts:
Data Monitoring: Techniques and tools for tracking and analyzing data generated by IoT devices.
Device Control: Methods for remotely managing and controlling IoT devices.
Wireless Communication: Overview of communication protocols, including Wi-Fi, Zigbee, and more.
Bluetooth & Types: Insights into Bluetooth technology, including BLE, for low-power communication.
Data Processing: Processing and interpreting the massive amounts of data generated by IoT devices.
Projects
Smart Home Automation: Control lights, thermostats, and security systems from your smartphone.
Environmental Monitoring: Track temperature, humidity, and air quality using IoT sensors.
Industrial IoT: Monitor and manage industrial equipment and machinery remotely.
Getting Started
To get started with the projects in this repository:

Clone the repository:  

`git clone https://github.com/augursarkum/IoT.git`

Follow the instructions in each project’s README to set up and deploy.
#Contributions
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests if you have improvements, ideas, or new projects to share.

License
This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
